Our my friends.
Let's finish this implementation.
Indeed we're very close to the end.
We have already implemented step one step two and step three and now we just need to finish this by
you know updating these variables that were created and initialized right before this big for loop iterating
through the round through the users.
All right.
So let's start simply with this one at selected which is the full list of all the ads selected over
the round.
So let's paisa here you know here I'm back inside this first full loop iterating through around.
And right now how do you think we must update this at selected variable.
Well simply of course we have to add to this list the ad that was just selected you know right here
you know in this second follow up.
All right.
And you know the trick there is this append function in both and that allows to add an element to a
list and well that's exactly what we're going to use now we're going to add a dot here then add append
for the append function and say this function you have to input the element which you want to add to
this add selected list.
Right.
And that's of course at you know that ad variable that was computed here in this second folio.
All right so that's how you update this for as valuable at selected then next step.
Well next step is simply to update this variable now numbers of selections which is a list of 10 values
corresponding to the 10 add.
And for each of these values while you have the number of times the ad was selected up to round in that
same round and we're dealing with right now in this first loop.
All right.
So let's paste it right here and now according to you how are we going to update this variable.
Well since this ad was just selected in this new round n well therefore we need to update the element
of index ad basically the index of the ad was just selected inside its numbers of selections list.
We need to update that element by incrementing it by 1.
All right.
So here not only we need to take this list numbers of selections but we need to take mostly the element
of index at the index of the ADD that was just selected and then you have two ways to do this.
The first classic way is doing a plus equals one which increments this particular number you know the
element of index add inside it's numbers of selections list by one or you know if you don't like this
notation you can simply do it equal then you copy this again you pay that here and you just add plus
1 as you want.
That's exactly the same depends on how you prefer to see it.
OK.
Then let's update this variable sums of rewards which is the accumulated reward for each of the add
in the same list of 10 elements corresponding to the add.
So I'm copying this then I'm pasting in here.
Then of course what we need to change inside this list is that element of index add you know that index
of the ADD that was just selected.
So there we go.
Let's here add in a pair of square brackets add the index out of add that was just elected and then
same we're going to update it again you know we're going to take that.
And then according to you what do we have to add to this sums of rewards and especially to this element
of the next add inside this sums of rewards list.
Well that's exactly the reward that we got by selecting this ad.
You know this ad which had the maximum upper bound.
And where do we have these rewards for each of the ads.
Well that's of course in our dataset.
Right.
This dataset is a simulation telling us for each user on which ad they're going to click.
You know we don't know that in reality but this dataset is a simulation.
And therefore we have for each user and for each ad if the user clicks Yes or no on the ad.
And since now we know with which user we're dealing with thanks to this you know round because the round
here corresponds to the user.
And since we also know which ad were selected you know because of this second full loop Well we can
directly access the reward.
That was just received at this particular round.
And for this particular ad that was selected and the way to do this is simply to take here are data
set.
Right.
Because this is the original dataset.
But remember that we created dependent data frame in this data set variable.
So we need to take our data set and then remember we need to add a values you know to access a particular
value of this data set and then we need to enter inside some pair of square brackets.
Well first the index of the row of the cell.
We want access which is of course n because n corresponds to the user meaning the row.
And then we need to enter the index of the column of the cell we're dealing with which is of course
the add that was selected because now we need to get the reward of the ADD that was selected for for
the particular user we're dealing with right now in this first full loop and that's exactly data set
that values and at.
Okay.
And now I'm just gonna do something so that it's really clear to you that this is the reward we got
at this particular round end.
And in order to do this I'm going to take that here.
Cut it and right between these two lines of code I'm gonna create a new viable which I'm going to call
reward you know so that I can really highlight that this is the reward.
You know the reward collected after showing this ad to this user in this is the reward and therefore
here I'm just going to add reward.
All right so that you can clearly see that very important concept in reinforcement learning.
You know it's all about that reward.
The reward that is collected at each round.
And then the accumulated reward.
And speaking of the accumulated reward Well that's exactly our next step here because indeed the last
variable which we have to update is that variable computing the total reward we get up to around 10.
And now you will perfectly know how to update that total reward variable according to you what do we
have to do here.
Well you know we just need to add to this total reward variable that last reward which we just got at
this round.
And this reward of selecting the ad and showing it to the user.
All right.
And that's it my friends.
Now the UCB algorithm is fully implemented.
If this sounds a bit overwhelming Well I really encourage you to try to implement that fully again because
really you just have to follow a logic and then everything makes sense.
So I understand that you know this is the first time we implement such a code because you know so far
we've only worked with libraries.
It was simpler before.
But you also need to know how to implement such algorithms from scratch.
And so here it's really good that we did it.
But don't worry if it feels a bit overwhelming you just have to you know either we watch the videos
or try to re implement this from scratch yourself and I promise you that this will sound easy peasy.
OK.
So no worries.
Do this again if needed.
And whenever you're ready.
Meet me in the next material to plot the final histogram which will show us exactly which ad was identified
as the best ad you know the ad with the highest conversion rate by this UCB algorithm.
I can't wait to show this to you.
And until then enjoy machine learning.